Start adding AVX2 native backend (#192)
pq-code-package/mlkem-c-aarch64: mlkem/native/x86_64/README.md

[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

> This directory contains the native x86_64 arithmetic backend for ML-KEM provided by the [AVX2
> branch](https://github.com/pq-crystals/kyber/tree/main/avx2) of the Kyber reference implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains the native x86_64 arithmetic backend for ML-KEM provided by the official [AVX2
implementation](https://github.com/pq-crystals/kyber/tree/main/avx2) of the Kyber team.
```
